Terms of Use
BACKGROUND
The general purpose of this terms and conditions is to serve as a collective and bargaining relationship between you and Rentspace Technologies Limited. By using and accessing our services, you represent that you have read and understand these terms and our Privacy Policy and are agree to be bound by these Terms and our Privacy Policy. You also confirm that you have provided us with the accurate and complete information required to create your account and that you have supplied all documentation, photographs and information that allow us to comply with our regulatory obligations. If you do not agree to all of these terms and conditions, you may not use or access our services in any manner. Please note that we reserve the right to terminate your relationship with us if we are of the opinion that you have breach any of these terms. If you are under eighteen (18) years of age, you may not use the Service.
CONSENT By providing your electronic signature, your have given your consent to use your electronic signatures and to electronically receive all records, notices, statements, communications and for all other services provided to you under this terms and in connection with your relationship with us. Please note that your consent to receive communication electronically will remain in force until you will withdraw it. You may withdraw your consent to receive further communications electronically at any time by using our self service platform or by contacting our customer care service on support@rentspace.tech. By redrawing your consent, your relationship with us stand terminated and your balance with Rentspace will be transfer to your Bank Account as designated by you. Rentspace reserve the right to retain your contact information for references purposes. You reserve the right to modify their information using our self service platform on the Mobile Application. Changes: Rentspace reserve the right to modify its model for electronic communication but such modifications will be communicated to their users through all communications platforms and also updating such terms on their website and Mobile App.
REQUIREMENTS FOR USE OF OUR SERVICES You must agree to our Terms of use and Privacy Policy on all our Platforms including but not limited to our Websites, Mobile App etc. Must be a Nigerian Citizen (or a obtained a legal Resident Permit) Must be 18 years and above( or older if the user resides in a state where the majority age is older) Must have a Bank Account with any Commercial Bank in Nigeria, Provide all information requested by us, such as name, email address, mobile phone number, online credentials for user’s Bank Account, and such information as we may request from time to time. A Copy of Federal Government- issued Photo ID, such as NIN, International Passport or Driver’s License A copy of Utility Bill, Bank Statement, or other Bill’s, not later than three months from the date of our request with your name and residential address on it, and such other information and documentation that may be require from time to time. You agree to abide by the above listed terms and conditions, which govern our operations. You also agree that the information supplied is true and correct. By using our services, you also consent our carrying out regular identity and fraud prevention checks. You agree to indemnify us for any loss suffered as a result of any false information or error in the information you have supplied us.
DATA PROTECTION By using our services, you consent to us using your personal data in the following way You hereby grant and our third- party service providers a limited Power of Attorney, hereby Appoint Rentspace and one-third Party service providers as your true and lawful attorney and agent, with full power and authority to access third party websites, servers and documents to retrieve information and use your personal data as all described above, with full power and authority to do and perform each and every act requisite and necessary to be done in connection with such activities, as fully to all intents and purposes as you might or could do in person You acknowledged and agreed that when Rentspace or Our Third Party Service Providers access and retrieve your data from any third party Websites, Rentspace and Our Third Party service providers are acting as your agent, and not the agent or on behalf of the third Party. You agree that other third Party shall be entitled to rely on the foregoing authority, agency and power of ATTORNEY granted by you. You agree that Rentspace shall process your personal information to provide products and services to you in terms of this agreement and any other products and services for which you may apply. Rentspace shall process your personal information to carry out statistical and other analysis to identify potential markets and trends, evaluate and improve our business ( this includes improving and developing new products and services);
Rentspace covenant that it will never engage in any effort to review information obtained from the financial Institution holding your Bank Account and other third-Party websites and databases for any purpose other than and not limited to test accuracy, legality and authenticity or otherwise information supplied to them in the course of their service to you.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SPACEDEPOSIT AND SPACERENT The Saving Products service, website and/or software application (collectively, the “Service”) enable you to receive our online money services in accordance with our products under the following terms. By creating any of the saving plan with Spacerent, you (or the user) agree to these terms. SpaceSave Rentspace assists you to save your money with minimal effort. Rentspace allows you to deposit your money through your Bank Debit Card which enables us to transfer any mount specify by you from your Bank Account to your Rentspace Account. Only funds agreed by you will be transfer via your Debit Card from you Bank Account either on weekly or Monthly basis to your Rentspace Account with the help of your debit-card. Your funds will domicile in their Rentspace Account until such you request for your money by notifying us using our self service platform available in our Mobile App or emailing us at support@rentspace.tech. Your can only request for withdrawal of such amounts on any of our pay- out- days. Rentspace will only transfer such amounts requested by you to your Bank Account within two Business Days from the date of such request. Your are advised to ascertain balance of their account with Rentspace to avoid your requests been declined. Rentspace reserve the right to transfer any of funds domicile with them to the your Bank Account without notice in event you ceased to use the services of Rentspace after necessary formalities of Account closure have been concluded or in violation of any of these terms. Rentspace wishes to reiterate to its you that your funds domicile in Spacesave is solely for saving purposes for your target plans and not for utility purposes such as; to make purchases, withdrawal at will, transferring of funds to third party or any other auxiliary purpose. Your funds domiciled with Rentspace for Spacesave Services does not attract any interest or other earnings. You are only entitled to such specific amount saved with us, and you will be given unlimited freedom to access your funds and to withdraw it at your request. Rentspace disclaims that there are not responsible for any third party fees that you may incurred as a result of using the services, including, but not limited to; third-party fees as a result of maintaining insufficient funds in user’s Bank Account. Rentspace is not a financial adviser, and their services are not intended to provide financial advice. Your financial situation remains unique. Rentspace are not responsible for ensuring your debit card has sufficient funds for your needs, purposes, or transaction. We do not make any representations, warranties, or guarantees of any kind that our services are appropriate for you. Before using our services, we advice you to obtain additional information and advice from a financial adviser.
SpaceRent This plan allows you to save for your rent. Spacerent allows you to save a minimum of 70% of your rent between Six(6) to Eight(8) Months to qualify for up to 30% Loan from Rentspace to make up your total or yearly rent depending on your KYC requirements availability, credit worthiness, Loan amount determination and credit limit. The plan offers a saving frequency of weekly and on monthly basis. The amount to be saved by the you will be determined by your rent, and with the help the system your savings frequency will be automatically calculated depending on the options selected by you , i.e either weekly or monthly.
To create a Plan, you must select the Spacerent Saving Plan from the system and provide the following underlisted information; Type of Rent, i.e either for existing rent renewal or for new apartment. Target Amount Information of your Landlord/Landlady/Caretaker Your home address Saving frequency Preferred saving time Select a Start date Source of funding By clicking the “Create rent saving” button, you have agree to these terms. Plan Top-Up You can top up by using self service platform by clicking “Top-up” to action on the existing plan. You must provide the amount they want to top up and select the funding source. User must agree to these terms to complete the top-up process. Auto Debit The Rentspace will create an auto debit/standing order system for you depending on your funding source selected by you and it will runs hourly until such use is debited. The Rentspace guarantee you that once the your target amount is met, auto-debit will be deactivated and Rentspace will contact you that your saving is met. Rentspace reserve the right to contact you at least 12 hours before each auto- debit is created for such user with details of user’s saving balance, saving amount, debit source and debit time. In any times Rentspace is unable to auto- debit you , such you will be notify through electronic mail with detail of the failed transaction. If you miss any auto-debit, Rentspace will run final auto-debit once the target date is complete to balance up for missed days. In any case you seeks to withdraw your funds before the target date, you shall give Rentspace a reasonable notice of three(3) Months and You can only withdraw your funds after three(3) from the date of such notice. Penalty Fee You reserve the rights to withdraw funds from your Rentspace Account with zero charges. However, you shall be entitled to pay a penalty fee of 2.5% for failing to withdraw your funds outside free withdrawals dates as stipulated by Rentspace in these terms.
ANTI-FRAUD You agree and acknowledge that where the funds in their saving wallet have been flagged as or are suspected of being fraudulent in nature, your account may immediately be suspended and the funds retain pending an investigation.
MISCELLANEOUS Rentspace reserves the right to modify, suspend or terminate Spacerent Plan at any time. Note that these terms and conditions is subject to modifications and such modifications when effected will be posted on our website, Mobile App, etc The plan and these terms are governed and construed in accordance with the Laws of Federal Republic of Nigeria. Any dispute arising from the Plan and these shall be resolved by Arbitration and Rentspace and such User shall bear the cost of such arbitration panel. There are no hidden or express charges for our transaction to users. Rentspace reserve the right to modify services charges to its users in the future. These Terms and related policies (including but not limited to the Privacy Policy) may be modified by Rentspace without notice at any time in the future. Changes will be posted. By using the service, you agreed to be bound by the latest version of these Terms. It is your responsibility to remain informed of any changes.
RESTRICTIONS You can only use our services for your personal, non-commercial use and not behalf or for the benefit of any third party. Your use of the services must comply with all applicable law. If your use of our Services is prohibited by applicable Law, then you are not authorized to use our services. We are not responsible if you use our services in any manner inconsistent with the relevant laws. You agree not to authorize any other person or entity to use your user name and password or mobile device to access the Services. You are solely responsible for the maintenance, confidentiality, and security of your username, password, and other User Information. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, you are responsible for all transactions and other activities authorized or performed using your username and password or mobile device, whether authorized or unauthorized by you. Except as otherwise expressly stated in these Terms or required by applicable law, we are not responsible for any losses arising out of the loss or theft of your User Information or your mobile device or from unauthorized or fraudulent transactions associated with your Bank Account or your Rentspace Account. If you suspect or become aware of any unauthorized activity or access to your username, password, or mobile device, you must contact us immediately at support@rentspace.tech or (+234) 13444012 The Services and Content are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, and other intellectual property laws. We expressly reserve all rights and remedies under applicable law. Except as expressly provided by these Terms or with our prior written consent, you may not use, modify, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, reproduce, distribute, rent, sell, license, publish, display, download, transmit, or otherwise exploit any Content in any form by any means. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree not to (and not to allow any third party to): Use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automatic or manual device, process, or means to access the Services or copy any Content, except as expressly authorized by us; Take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole determination) an unreasonable or a disproportionately large load on the Services or our infrastructure; Utilize any device, software, or routine that will interfere or attempt to interfere with the functionality of the Services; Rent, lease, copy, provide access to, or sublicense any portion of the Services or Content to a third party; Use any portion of the Services or Content to provide, or incorporate any portion of the Services or Content into, any product or service provided to a third party; Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise seek to obtain the source code of the Services or Content; Modify the Services or Content or create any derivative product from any of the foregoing; Remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices contained in the Services or Content; Use the Services or Content in any way that is illegal, harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable, as we may determine in our sole discretion; Jeopardize the security of your Rentspace Account or any other person’s Rentspace Account (such as allowing someone else to use your username and password to access the Services); Attempt, in any manner, to obtain the username, password, account, or other security information from any other user of the Services;Violate the security of any computer network or crack any passwords or security encryption codes; or Run Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or “spam,” or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged in to access the We may, but are not obligated to, monitor your use of the Services and Content. We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to our intellectual property or the intellectual property of our licensors, except as expressly stated in these Terms. We and our third-party licensors retain all rights, titles, and interests in and to the Services, Content, and any associated patents, trademarks, copyrights, mask work rights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights. The Services may permit you to submit content, send emails and other communications, and provide other information for publication or distribution to third parties (collectively, “User Content”). Any User Content must not be illegal, threatening, obscene, racist, defamatory, libelous, pornographic, infringing of intellectual property rights, promoting of illegal activity or harm to groups and/or individuals, invasive of privacy, purposely false or otherwise injurious to third parties, or objectionable and must not consist of or contain software, computer viruses, commercial solicitation, political campaigning, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” If you submit User Content, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant us a nonexclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable (through multiple tiers) right to use, modify, reproduce, adapt, translate, publish, create derivative works from, distribute, display, and otherwise exploit such User Content throughout the world in any media. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any User Content submitted by you or any other user or third party. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may, in our sole discretion and without liability to you, terminate (or suspend access to) your use of the Services, Content, or your Rentspace Account for any reason, including, but not limited to, your breach of these Terms.
WARRANTIES DISCLAIMER TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THESE TERMS, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND ALL INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND OTHER CONTENT (INCLUDING THAT OF THIRD PARTIES) INCLUDED IN OR ACCESSIBLE FROM THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. Rentspace AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING OUR SERVICE.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE THAT Rentspace, ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, AND THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR: THE PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES; ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PERSONS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHICH ARISE OUT OF OR ARE IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THESE TERMS, THE SERVICES, OR CONTENT.
ASSIGNMENT You may not transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder or your Rentspace Account in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without our prior written consent. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations hereunder without your consent.
THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY You agree that our third-party services providers are third-party beneficiaries of the applicable provisions of these Terms, with all rights to enforce such provisions as if such service providers were a party to these Terms.
GOVERNING LAW These Terms are made under and will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, without giving effect to any principles that provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction.
ARBITRATION This Terms and Conditions is subject and governed by, and construed in accordance with the Laws of Federal Republic of Nigeria. Any matter arising out of implementation, interpretation or otherwise its validity of these terms which parties can not resolve in mutual standing shall be submitted to arbitration in the English Language before a sole arbitrator which shall take place in Lagos, Nigeria as the seat of arbitration. The arbitration will be subject to the Federal Arbitration Act and not any state arbitration law. The arbitration will be conducted before one commercial arbitrator from the Nigeria Arbitration and Conciliation Act with substantial experience in resolving commercial contract disputes. As modified by these Terms, and unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties in writing, the arbitration will be governed by the Nigeria Arbitration and Conciliation Act’s Commercial Arbitration Rules and, if the arbitrator deems them applicable, the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (collectively, the “Rules and Procedures”). The arbitral decision shall be final and binding on the Parties and may be made an order of court. Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed as preventing Rentspace from seeking injunctive relief (or any other provisional remedy) from any court having jurisdiction over the Parties and the subject matter of the dispute as is necessary to protect Rentspace’s name, proprietary information, trade secrets, know-how, or any other intellectual property rights.
Class Action Waiver: YOU HEREBY AGREED THAT; ANY CLAIMS BROUGHT BY YOU OR US MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFFS OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
SURVIVAL If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid by competent Court of jurisdiction in Nigeria, the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall notwithstanding the unforceability and invalidity of affected part(s) be and remain of full force and effect.
DECLARATION These Terms, together with our Privacy Policy, constitute the entire and sole agreement between you and us with respect to the Services and supersedes all prior understandings, arrangements, or agreements, whether written or oral, regarding the Services. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are not an employee, agent, partner, or joint venture of Rentspace, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Rentspace in any respect whatsoever.